<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?xml-model href="urn:dita-ng:dita:rng:topic.rng" schematypens="http://relaxng.org/ns/structure/1.0"?>
<?xml-model href="urn:dita-ng:dita:rng:topic.rng" schematypens="http://purl.oclc.org/dsdl/schematron"?>
<topic id="topic_ew3_qdf_c5">
  <title>Conversion to Standard DITA</title>
  <body>
    <p>The concept is not compatible with the standard and there appears to be no way to make it
			compatible since the standard DITA does not provide any functioanlity to create content
			dynamically. This means that any project using XSLT-Conref can't be processed with tools
			not explicitly supporting XSLT-Conref.</p>
		<p>To overcome this gap there is an XSL transformation "xslt-conref-to-conref.xsl" that
			converts the input (a single topic or a ditamap):</p>
		<ul id="l4n_c2f_c5">
			<li id="m4n_c2f_c5">
				<p>All files are duplicated with an attached suffix "-RESOLVED" right before the
					file extension.</p>
				<p>(To make sure all relative links still remain valid it does not copy the result
					files to a seperate directory. This would surely be more convenient but would
					make the implementation much more complicated.)</p>
			</li>
			<li id="adn_l2f_c5">
				<p>All XSLT-Conref elements of a file are resolved and stored in a new file using
					the original filename with the attached suffix "-CONREF" right before the file
					extension. This file contains a single topic with all resolved topic elements as
					child topics and all other resolved elements within the body. This file might
					not be valid according to the schema but the attribute defaults are already
					expanded sp at least DITA-OT can handle them.</p>
			</li>
			<li id="wlz_32f_c5">
				<p>All XSLT-Conref elements are replaced by a single conref element. To ensure that
					the conref can be resolved the element name and class attribute is taken from
					the resolved XSLT-Conref. The conref refers to the conref file.</p>
			</li>
		</ul>
		<p>After converting the samples.ditamap it could be published to PDF using DITA-OT. An
			exception are the embedded SVG graphics which DITA-OT currently can't handle.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
