<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?xml-model href="urn:dita-semia:xslt-conref:rng:local-toc-parameterized:reference-with-local-toc.rng" schematypens="http://relaxng.org/ns/structure/1.0"?>
<?xml-model href="urn:dita-semia:xslt-conref:rng:local-toc-parameterized:reference-with-local-toc.rng" schematypens="http://purl.oclc.org/dsdl/schematron"?>
<reference id="topic_t4s_vvs_4t" xmlns:xcp	= "http://www.dita-semia.org/xslt-conref/custom-parameter">
  <title>Parameterized Local Table of Contents</title>
  <refbody>
		<local-toc id="swn_wlv_5t"/>
	</refbody>
	<reference id="zt3_52l_tt">
		<title>Reference Topic 1</title>
		<shortdesc>This reference contains some information.</shortdesc>
	</reference>
	<reference id="xhl_1fl_tt">
		<title>Reference Topic 2</title>
		<shortdesc>This reference contains even more information.</shortdesc>
		<refbody>
			<local-toc id="hjx_5jv_5t" xcp:introduction="" xcp:useLiTitle="no" xcp:showShortdesc="no"
				xcp:xrefPrefix="For more details look at " xcp:xrefSuffix="." xcp:sectionTitle=""/>
		</refbody>
		<reference id="kl5_mgv_5t">
			<title>Child Reference Topic 2.1</title>
			<shortdesc>This child reference contains some information.</shortdesc>
		</reference>
		<reference id="ml5_mgv_5t">
			<title>Child Reference Topic 2.2</title>
			<shortdesc>This child reference contains even more information.</shortdesc>
			<refbody>
				<local-toc/>
			</refbody>
			<reference id="dnl_1vc_vt">
				<title>Grandchild Reference Topic 2.2.1</title>
				<shortdesc>This child reference contains some information.</shortdesc>
			</reference>
		</reference>
	</reference>
	<reference id="z31_mhx_25">
		<title>Description</title>
		<refbody>
			<section>
				<p id="i3t_3gx_25">This sample is a further extension of the sample <xref
					href="../local-toc-specialized/local-toc-specialized.dita#topic_t4s_vvs_4t"
					/>:</p>
				<ol id="ozh_lgx_25">
					<li>
						<p id="p2r_vgx_25">The schema defines custom parameters as attributes for the
								<codeph>local-toc</codeph> element that allows the author
							individually modify the appearance of the generated overview.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p id="fxy_vgx_25">The XSLT script has been improved in such a way that it
							detects when an overview is not reasonable to be displayed. This is the
							case, when there are less then two child topics present. Thus, in the
							case of none or only a single child reference only a note for the author
							will be displayed so that he doesn't wonder why there is no content
							generated. The text won't be published.</p>
						<p id="jds_g3x_25">This feature is especially useful when the overview
							should be generated for any reference (of a specific type) and, thus,
							needs to be defined as mandatory element by the schema.</p>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</section>
		</refbody>
	</reference>
</reference>
